well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so uh i guess today we're gonna talk
about filling in some holes
because i guess i left some holes in
that last video
um almost as soon as it went up
there were people that were like you
know some of your examples
we can't actually do them where i live
because
they won't let us and that sounds like
something that would
severely curtail the success of
community network
but no it won't it's actually a huge
asset
if your local government has enacted
ordinances
that ridiculous then
then that's actually in your benefit
that that's an asset to you i know that
some people would probably advocate for
people to just go ahead and do it and
see what
happens uh not me because if you want to
change society if you want to change
your community you have to change
the way people think if you go out there
and fix the playground and
you know the cops show up and arrest you
for fixing the playground
yeah it's going to make news it's going
to be viral
but is it going to change the way people
think probably not
but if your community network focused on
other things first
focused on things there weren't
prohibitions against
and got a little bit of public support
and then you showed up at that
playground with your sanders and your
paint
and said it would take three hours to
fix this we're gonna hang out here for
three hours and held a press conference
what would happen then
you would probably be able to
demonstrate
if you had somebody who talked to the
press
and made those points clearly and i'm
sure there are people that would advise
you on
the key words to use if you reached out
to them over twitter or whatever
um you could get a lot of public support
this way
because there's not a prohibition
against improving public property which
is probably how it's phrased
there's a prohibition against making
your community better
your local government has made it
illegal to better your community
that seems a little silly and if those
were the talking points that went out
when you were standing there with the
stuff to fix it and demonstrated that
you would have put in the time
you would get attention
and you might be able to change that now
you'll probably get pushback i'm sure
at some point there was probably some
semi-legitimate reason for this
probably based on some overreaction
somebody used lead paint
on a playground or something like that
um wouldn't it make more sense
rather than you know getting law
enforcement involved
clogging up the criminal justice system
with people who are trying to help their
community
would it make more sense for the public
works
agency to put out the list of materials
that were approved
rather than focusing on
controlling the community and stopping
it from making itself better
why doesn't the government facilitate it
isn't it that isn't that really their
job
i mean after all they are our employees
not our rulers
that's a golden opportunity that's a
recruitment tool
that's something that would get the
attention of politicians
who would then pay attention to you and
might be more responsive to your little
network
it would get their attention it would
also get the attention of the public
you want to pick battles
big enough to matter but small enough to
win so i wouldn't suggest doing this
with the pothole thing
okay because i would imagine that if
there is some prohibition against that
in your community
it's probably probably has more to do
with unions
and there's a lot of money in that and
it's an amount of money you probably
will not be able to overcome
as a community network there are
limitations to this
um but at the end of the day
if your local government has made it
illegal for you to better your own
community
that's not a talking point against a
community network
that shows why you need one
because while one person may recognize
that that's wrong
and may recognize that there are other
ways to achieve the same level of safety
which i'm
certain is the reason they would have
this
um there are probably much more
effective ways to do it than getting the
cops involved
it would make more sense to help
facilitate
improvement rather than ban it
and i think that's the route to go um
again i wouldn't actually advocate
uh doing things directly in defiance of
local ordinances
because most of the time it doesn't
actually sway public opinion
and that's what this is about at the end
of the day
most of this is about swaying
public opinion not necessarily
about directly confronting
the government establishment that exists
you're creating a parallel one
you're creating something that people
can turn to
when the government fails as it
typically does
you want that secondary safety net
for your community so when things fall
through the cracks
slip through the holes
there's somebody there to catch them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day
oh and people said i need to write a
book on this i'm putting together a
workbook
i'm hoping it'll be out at the beginning
of next year
anyway that's just a thought y'all have
a good day